WIP-Impl idea for wp-like rewards (#625)
allora-network/allora-chain: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

* [#538](https://github.com/allora-network/allora-chain/pull/538) Refactor Inference Synthesis to use Functions instead of "Builder Pattern"

> * [#625](https://github.com/allora-network/allora-chain/pull/625) Rewards system revamped, closer to the whitepaper spec.

Reviewer: This description does not actually describe what changed

```suggestion
* [#625](https://github.com/allora-network/allora-chain/pull/625) Determine what percentage of rewards to pay to each topic based on time-based accumulation rather than instantaneously.
```
